c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\Platformer 2D.deps.json
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\Platformer 2D.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\Platformer 2D.dll
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\Platformer 2D.pdb
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\GodotSharp.dll
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\GodotSharpEditor.dll
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.dll
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\refint\Platformer 2D.dll
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.pdb
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\2019\appDevelopment\godot\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\ref\Platformer 2D.dll
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\Platformer 2D.deps.json
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\Platformer 2D.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\Platformer 2D.dll
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\Platformer 2D.pdb
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\GodotSharp.dll
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\bin\Debug\GodotSharpEditor.dll
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.dll
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\refint\Platformer 2D.dll
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.pdb
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\Platformer 2D.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\jrich\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\blubbyTheGoldFish\.godot\mono\temp\obj\Debug\ref\Platformer 2D.dll
